In the process of using the service, you must follow these guidelines:
4.5 shall not for any illegal purpose and use of network services system, to comply with all network protocols and network services, regulations and procedures;
4.6 shall not use the Service to carry out any acts that might adversely affect the normal operation of the Internet;
4.7 shall not use the service to transmit any sexual harassment, slander others, abusive, threatening, vulgar, obscene or any other illegal information;
Shall not use the services of any benefit or damage the interests of 4.8;
4.9 If any illegal use of user account or the account of breach of security, should immediately notice the site side.

5 Privacy
5.1 to protect user privacy is a basic policy of the network, network assurance is not open to the public or to a third party to provide an individual user's registration information and network services are stored in the network of non-public content, except for the following situations:
5.1.1 in advance to obtain the explicit authorization of the user;
5.1.2 requirements under the relevant laws and regulations;
5.1.3 in accordance with the requirements of the relevant government departments;
5.1.4 When a member works cause a copyright dispute;
5.1.5 is to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the network:

5.2 Network may provide network services to users with third parties, in this case, if the third party agrees to bear the same responsibility to protect user privacy and network, the network have the right to the user's registration information to provide to the third parties.
5.3 The privacy of individual users of information under the premise of the network have the right to commercial use of the entire user database and user database.

6. Disclaimer
6.1 The user expressly agree that the risk of their existing network network services will be entirely by themselves; all the consequences arising out of its network network services is borne by themselves, the network user does not accept any responsibility.
6.2 The network does not guarantee network services will be able to meet user requirements, nor security network services will not be interrupted, the timeliness of network services, security, accuracy is not guaranteed.
6.3 The network does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the set of external links to provide users with convenient, for the content on any page of the actual control of such external links point to help network, the network does not assume any responsibility.
6.4 for the network service interruptions caused by force majeure or network can not control or other defects, the network does not assume any responsibility, but will try to reduce the loss and impact to the user caused.
6.5 The user agrees to the network without any liability for the network to provide users with the following product or service quality defects caused any loss:
6.5.1 Network of the network services provided free of charge to the user;
6.5.2 Network presented to the user of any products or services;
6.5.3 Network service users to the subscription network comes with a variety of products or services.

7 liquidated damages
7.1 due to network violates the relevant laws, regulations or this Agreement or under any terms of the damage caused to the user, the network agreed to assume liability for damages resulting.
7.2 The user agrees to protect and safeguard the interests of the network and other users, as a result of violation of relevant laws, any of the provisions under the regulations or this Agreement to the network or any other third party losses, the user agrees to bear the compensation for the damage responsibility.

8 revised by agreement
8.1 Network reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time any provision of this Agreement change, the network will prompt the user to modify the content by appropriate means.
8.2 If you do not agree with the network changes made to the relevant provisions of this Agreement, the user has the right to stop the use of network services. If the user continues to use the network services, as the user accepts the changes made by the network of the relevant provisions of this Agreement.

9 shall serve notice
9.1 Agreement under the net for all of the notification of the user through the website notice, e-mail, SMS, or regular mail delivery way; such notice deemed to have been delivered to the recipient at the date sent.

10 laws of
10.1 conclusion of the agreement, implementation and interpretation and dispute settlement should apply the Chinese law and subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in China.

10.2 If the two sides of this agreement or execution of any dispute, both sides should be settled through friendly consultations; negotiation fails, either party may apply to the network location of the people's court proceedings.

11 other provisions of
11.1 The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the two sides of the stipulations of this Agreement and other related matters, in addition to the provisions of this Agreement does not give the parties to this Agreement other rights.

11.2 If any provision of this Agreement for any reason wholly or partially invalid or not enforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in force and binding.

11.3 the title of the agreement are for convenience only and in the interpretation of this agreement should be ignored. 
  
 

  
  
 

  
  
 

 

  
  
 
